Add get_env jinja function and -e/--env_var option (#106)
ESSS/conda-devenv: docs/usage.rst

     - True if the current file is processed because it was included by another file.

Using environment variables in the devenv file
----------------------------------------------

> Environment variables that are defined when calling ``conda devenv`` can be read and checked with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables that are defined when calling ``conda devenv`` can be read normally using ``os.environ``, but for convenience and better error messages, you can use the
```
